Add ability to change merge plan filepath (#130)
yiisoft/config: README.md

> Please note that in this sublayer keys with the same names are not allowed similar to other layers.

### `merge-plan-file`

> This option allows you to override filepath with merge plan. `.merge-plan.php` by default, to change it, set the value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option allows you to override path to merge plan file. It is `.merge-plan.php` by default. To change it, set the value:
```

```json
"extra": {
    "config-plugin-options": {
        "merge-plan-file": "custom/path/my-merge-plan.php"
    }
}
```

> This can be useful when developing. Don't forget set same path in `Config` constructor when change this option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be useful when developing. Don't forget to set same path in `Config` constructor when changing this option.
```
